Mainswitch displays login cerdentials after giving a correct cerdentials
will direct to another page where can see one logout button which direct 
login page and 20 pages are avaliable where we can use as per the requeriments 
this page are divided into 2 parts 

1 In production order had 4 buutons 
Find - entering the production order click on find button displays the results.
   If wrong production order gives a pop ShopOrder# Does not Exist in Shop Order
   table.Meanwhile it will displays Please Enter Production Order Number when 
   not entering PO. 
New - on clicking new button page presents new page where PO can entered , Material 
    Number selects using dropdown list,pathway using dropdown list,and comments are
    given .Create serial Numbers/Print labels has Create serial Numbers,beginning  serial
    numbers and print lables choose as per requriments and click on save buuton
Cancel - cancel the order request
Close - will direct to main page and close the present page
Goback - will direct to main page  
 
2 Production information has serial number we can find . Comment box is available.Here New,Edit,Delete and Close buuton.
New - this button will display to another page where we can have PO number,serial number,cs roller ,
    cutter , ps roller, comment, and membrane information . clone,save and cancel.
Edit- we can edit here
Delete - delete in information 
close -close the process
Goback - will direct to main pages

3 Wip where can check the process is going on by using stationid ,serial number and element status ,shift and completed 
 as per the requriments. 
New Record - can get new records which can find process is going 
priority List - on clicking empty gets a pop "please select station ID"
Go back -will direct to main pages

4  BOM Routing Display has text which the production number and can get the csv data where shop order,material number,
  quantity,requried BOM items,operation number and package detials are present according to the production number which 
  need the BOM routing.
  Go back -will direct to main pages

5 IHR(InHouse Repair) has 4 button IHR Rolling,FRP Rework,IHR test and print
  
 IHR Rolling - on clicking it displays the production date, creation date,serial#,opertor 1 , station ,MLot#,shoporder,cs roller,
   ps roler,defect code,tester,standard flow,nacl ,vaccum  and wip comment are colummn details are displays .
FRP Rework - on clicking it displays production date, creation date,serial#,opertor 1 , station ,MLot#,shoporder,cs roller,
   ps roler,defect code,tester,standard flow,nacl ,vaccum  and wip comm 
IHR test - on clicking it displays as per requriment 
print -can print as per requriments by using print button 
 Go back -will direct to main pages

6 WIP Report has one text where shop order number is entered and on clicking on the go button it displays the details of the shop order
  which as is searched and there date available on current time . on clicking go button choosing a shop order number production order,
  part number ,starting qty, status,not started,welding,leaf assembly,rolling,cutback,caging,sleeve,stretch net ,trim,chamfer,vaccum,atd,FRP 
  prep,FRP,IHR rolling,FRP Rework,IHR test,BBT,wet test, preservation ,QC inspection,packaing and total details of the shop order requried are
  dispays .
  Go back -will direct to main pages

7 Production Tracking Report 2 textbox are persent where serial number and shop order number entered as per the requriment the tracking of
 production is displays on output clicking on the requried type like complete,incomplete,canceled and in process checkbox and clicking on 
 the go button results are displays.
 Go back -will direct to main pages
 
8 Element tests here edit and finding of the element test 
 new - using new button can enter detials as per the requriments and after entering scan in should be done.
Find tests - find tests giving serial number from and to dates  and workcenter details there is a dropdowm of wet test,bubble test and 
   vaccum test.
Test run- this button for run the test which test should be preformed and priority list button as per the requrments
Testing Recovery Calculator has 3 buttons 4"recovery,8"recovery,and dry weight as per the requriments .
Few more buttons in down 
MRQuery,Clone,Delete,MR number and Close are presents requriment purpose.
Go back -will direct to main pages

 9 Find Current status page contains serial number text box and two button serach and close buttons .
 serach - giving a correct serial number and serching that givings a result of current status , prod.order number and model number .
 close - on clicking on the close button it closes present page .
 Go back -will direct to main pages

10 Complete Lookup consist of Serial number , shop order and Membrane textbox and each textbox have 3 go button giving the s/n,shop order 
 and Membrane details of the completelookup is displays.
 and on clicking on s/n gets a results of shop order,production and membrane info and element tests.
 on clicking on shop order main lookup,and shop order details are displays.
 Go back -will direct to main pages

11 Print lables has 3 different print pages 
   1 Print packaging lables entering the number on clicking on the exit button results are displays 
    Go back -will direct to main page of print lables.
    2 Rework Label consist of one text box of serial number on entering on the serial number and clicking on Go button displays the results 
     regarding the serial number .
     Go back -will direct to main page of print lables.  
    3 Traveler labels contians of 10 text boxes and divide into two parts and one print button . On entering the shop order , part, roll date ,qty trimmer 
      not entering the wrong part usings a message like "Entered part number does not exit " and on clicking on print give a correct part it will displays 
       correct results .
       Go back -will direct to main page of print lables.     

12  Operator ID lookup has one textbox name as ID and one dropdown named as shift as 3 dropdown list of shift1,shift2 and shift3 .
   on giving correct id and shift bellow Id, FIRST NAME , LASTNAME ,SHIFT and ACTIVE of the employee will be displays on the 
   screen .
    Go back -will direct to main pages

13 Incomplete Mrs page gives the results number of records which are incomplete having the column as MR Number,Shop order number,serial number,material number,
  IHR code,Flow,Rej,Stablized nacl passage,min rej,min flow,max flow,membrane lot#,test number , last modified and test comment .
    Go back -will direct to main pages
14 Sap interface contains 2 pages production order confirmation(Blackflush) and goods receipt to production order
    1Production order confrimation has one checkbox ,production order and station has a dropdown list as per the requriment onclicking on the go button gives
     requried results.
     GO back - will direct to sap interface page
    2 Goods receipt to production order has select all check box , station with dropdown list ,production order and classification code with dropdown list 
     and go button gives a requried results 
    GO back - will direct to sap interface page
15  Element specification on clicking asks user authentication of userid and password of correct details on clicking on validate button opens on new page
    New page has 3 items of element specification ,construction pathways and special instruction.
   1 Element specification contians 3 buttons filter,save and new record. and different parts box named as part number,construction,process,salt type,pressure,
   Concentrate and box labels according to requriments button displays resluts.Select all check box is present.
     GO back - will direct to Element specification page 
   2 Construction Pathways has two parts 
     1 new pathways - has pathway text box , type dropdown ,outer wrap, membrane type and leaf assembly checkbox.
                     3buttons of save will saves the given detials,cancel and close buttons .
                     GO back - will direct to Construction Pathways  page 
      2 Update/delete - has pathays dropdown,type,outerwrap,membrane type and leaf assembly checkbox.
                        4buttons of save will saves the given detials,cancel,delete and close buttons .
                         GO back - will direct to Construction Pathways  page 
  3 Special Instruction contians the production order textbox and two button GO and cancel.On clicking the correct details gives requried results.If not got the
    pop of PO not found.
    GO back - will direct to Element specification page 
16 Work scheducled contains 2 two items named as priority list and wet test scheduling .
  1 Priority List contains of page size dropdown list box as per the requriment on entering the size results are displays
    down table contains of priority,material description,production order,material number are displays.
    Go back - will direct to work scheduclded page 
  2 wet test scheduling as one save button which save the test.Gives a pop of "saved successfully".
     Go back - will direct to work scheduclded page

17  Administrative Functions on clicking asks user authentication of userid and password of correct details on clicking on validate button opens on new page
    New page has 8 items
  1 Manage Defect classification has two text box named as scrap code and desiption and a add button which gives the results
    Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.
  2 Manage wip report contains two textbox named as serial number and production and a dropdown with name IHR Rolling / FRP Rework. and a go button.On giving
    giving both detials give a pop "Please Select Only One Value".
     Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.
  3 Operator id contains a 3 textbox of name id,fristname,lastname and ashift dropdown and active checkbox and also 4 button . Find button to find the id of
    person and new button new employee finding, cancel button cancels the details ,and close button close the page .
    Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.
  4  Delete Production order has a one testbox named as production order and 3 buttons delete button delete the data,cancel button cancel the process and close button 
    close the page .
    Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.  
  5 Scheduled Jobs has table of Id, Taskname , sceduled run time, reoccurance,stationid, taskcomplete and shift.
    Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.
  6 Mange Autoscan contains of the two textbox serial number and production order and a go button.on giving the wrong detials gives a pop of "please Select Proper Values".
    Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.-------ManageAutoScan.aspx
 7 Manageuser printers contains two textbox of user and print of dropdown.on chossing correct detials displays the results.
   Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.-----------ManageUsersPrinters.aspx
8 Manage shift goals has a table of workcenter and goal column .
Go back - will direct Administrative Functions to page.--------------
18 Glue ratio calculation has two dropdowns of station and glue type and onetextbox of operator and a two button of calculate and clear buttons . Three tables of different 
 purpose is going use Ratio calculation inputs of ywo parts of PartA and PartB.Glue ratio volume and ratio resukt tables . As per the requriements chossing acorrect table
 and giving a values for the table calcuating of glue ratio is done,and clear button to clear the data.
Go back -will direct to main pages
 
19 Rolling cut length calculator has many text box as per requried results giving a detials in the textbox which are presnt and on clicking on the calculate button gives a 
results of the rolling cut length calculator and another button of clear form which will clear the present form and give new form on clicking of the clear form button.
Go back -will direct to main pages






